docs: add notifications examples section (#22032)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/notifications/examples.md

Here you can find some examples of what you can do with the notifications service in Argo CD.

## Getting notified when a sync occurs and understanding how your resources changed

With Argo CD you can build a notification system that tells you when a sync occurred and what it changed. 
To get notified via webhook when a sync occurs you can add the following trigger:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: argocd-notifications-cm
data:
  service.webhook.on-deployed-webhook: |
    url: <your-webhook-url>
    headers:
    - name: "Content-Type"
      value: "application/json"

  template.on-deployed-template: |
    webhook:
      on-deployed-webhook:
        method: POST
        body: |
              {{toJson .app.status.operationState.syncResult}}

  trigger.on-deployed-trigger: |
    when: app.status.operationState.phase in ['Succeeded'] and app.status.health.status in ['Healthy', 'Degraded']
    oncePer: app.status.sync.revision
    send: [on-deployed-template]
```

> This, as explained in the [triggers section](triggers/#avoid-sending-same-notification-too-often), will generate a notification when the app is synced and healthy. We then need to create a subscription for the webhook integration:

Author: Agh right, at first wanted to do it with healthy or degraded, but I think its better to leave it as healthy only for the example

> Here you can find some examples of what you can do with the notifications service in ArgoCD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can find some examples of what you can do with the notifications service in Argo CD.
```

## Getting notified when a sync occurs and understanding how your resources changed

> With ArgoCD you can build a notification system that tells you when a sync occurred and what it changed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Argo CD you can build a notification system that tells you when a sync occurred and what it changed. 
```

  trigger.on-deployed-trigger: |
    when: app.status.operationState.phase in ['Succeeded'] and app.status.health.status in ['Healthy', 'Degraded']
    oncePer: app.status.sync.revision
    send: [on-deployed-template]
```

This, as explained in the [triggers section](triggers/#avoid-sending-same-notification-too-often), will generate a notification when the app is synced and healthy. We then need to create a subscription for the webhook integration:

```yaml
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Application
metadata:
  annotations:
    notifications.argoproj.io/subscribe.on-deployed-trigger.on-deployed-webhook: ""
```

You can test that this works and see how the response looks by adding any webhook site and syncing our application. Here you can see that we receive a list of resources, with a message and some properties of them. For example:

```json
{
  "resources": [
    {
      "group": "apps",
      "hookPhase": "Running",
      "kind": "Deployment",
      "message": "deployment.apps/test configured",
      "name": "test",
      "namespace": "argocd",
      "status": "Synced",
      "syncPhase": "Sync",
      "version": "v1"

>       images: [

Reviewer: Would it be possible to add an example of a real-world usage of the `images` key? For example, could I have a notification that zips up all images across all resources, dedupes them, and sends that list as a Slack notification?

Author: > dedupes them

That needs an external server I believe? Is the code for that something that should be in these docs?

        "nginx:1.27.1"

>       ]

Reviewer: Add quotation marks to key and move into alphabetical order.

Would this be a good place to document whether the `images` array is sorted?

    },
    {
      "group": "autoscaling",
      "hookPhase": "Running",
      "kind": "HorizontalPodAutoscaler",
      "message": "horizontalpodautoscaler.autoscaling/test-hpa unchanged",
      "name": "test-hpa",
      "namespace": "argocd",
      "status": "Synced",
      "syncPhase": "Sync",
      "version": "v2"
    }
  ],
  "revision": "f3937462080c6946ff5ec4b5fa393e7c22388e4c",
  ...
}
```

We can leverage this information to know:

1. What resources have changed (not valid for Server Side Apply)
2. How they changed

To understand what resources changed we can check the message associated with each resource. Those that say that are unchanged were not affected in during the sync operation. With the list of changed resources, we can understand how they changed by looking into the images array.

With this information you can, for example:
1. Monitor the version of your image being deployed

> 2. Be alerted in case of any vulnerability present in a new deployment

Reviewer: Can you go into more detail about how this would work?
